Guide basics2 (#1768)
qutip/qutip: doc/guide/guide-overview.rst

Guide Overview
******************

> The goal of this guide is to introduce you to the basic structures and functions that make up QuTiP. This guide is divided up into several sections, each highlighting a specific set of functionalities. In combination with the examples that can be found on the project web page `https://qutip.org/tutorials.html <https://qutip.org/tutorials.html>`_, this guide should provide a more or less complete overview. In addition, the :ref:`apidoc` for each function is located below.

Reviewer: I do not think "below" is strictly correct here. However, "end of this guide" does not seem correct either as It seems to suggest that the information is within this chapter, but is not. I suggest rephrasing the paragraph a bit. I changed it to be more direct:
```suggestion
The goal of this guide is to introduce the basic structures and functions in QuTiP. This guide is divided up into several sections, each highlighting a specific set of functionalities. In combination with the examples that can be found on the project web page `https://qutip.org/tutorials.html <https://qutip.org/tutorials.html>`_, this guide should provide a more or less complete overview of QuTiP. We also provide the API documentation in :ref:`apidoc`.
```

The goal of this guide is to introduce you to the basic structures and functions that make up QuTiP. This guide is divided up into several sections, each highlighting a specific set of functionalities. In combination with the examples that can be found on the project web page `https://qutip.org/tutorials.html <https://qutip.org/tutorials.html>`_, this guide should provide a more or less complete overview. In addition, the :ref:`apidoc` for each function is located below.

.. _overview-org:

Organization
=============

QuTiP is designed to be a general framework for solving quantum mechanics problems such as systems composed of few-level quantum systems and harmonic oscillators. To this end, QuTiP is built from a large (and ever growing) library of functions and classes; from :func:`qutip.states.basis` to :func:`qutip.wigner`.  The general organization of QuTiP, highlighting the important API available to the user, is shown in the figure below.

.. _figure-qutip-org:

.. figure:: figures/qutip_tree.png
   :align: center
   :figwidth: 100%

>    Tree-diagram of the 468 user accessible functions and classes in QuTiP 4.6. A vector image of the code tree is in :download:`qutip_tree.pdf <doc/qutip_tree.pdf>`.

Reviewer: Why was the figure removed?

Author: I have restored it; I removed it because it didn't convey any information to me other than that there were a large number of objects at two levels. If someone can explain what the figure means to me, I will add an explanatory sentence so that the reader will be able to get something from it.

Reviewer 2: It's intended as a way to get an overview of the structure of the qutip package. The `.png` is really an advertisement for the `.pdf` where one can zoom in nicely and explore the tree.
